feat: filter out inactive users from list and add option to see all users (#8421)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/list-active-users.rst

:orphan:

**New Features**

> -  CLI: ``det users ls`` now only shows active users. New flag ``--all`` added which will show all users.

Reviewer: :orphan:

**New Features**

-  CLI: Modify ``det users ls`` to show only active users. Add a new flag ``--all`` to show all users.

:orphan:

**New Features**

> -  CLI: Modify ``det users`` ls to show only active users. Add a new flag ``--all`` to show all
>    users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  CLI: By default, ``det user ls`` will now only display active users. ``det user ls --all`` can be used to display all users.
```

>    users.

Reviewer: The first part sounds like an improvement or a breaking change. The second part sounds like a new feature.

Reviewer: i'll update the documentation via PR #8479
